[Pages] Add Crisp React instructions to deployment guides (#2266)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/deploy-a-crisp-react-application.md

---
pcx-content-type: how-to
---

import TutorialsBeforeYouStart from "../_partials/_tutorials-before-you-start.md" 

# Deploy a Crisp React app

> [Crisp React](https://github.com/winwiz1/crisp-react) is an open-source boilerplate for building modern web applications. It has small codebase and a simple build with focus on performance and maintainability while offering build-time SSR and ability to split a monolithic React app into multiple SPAs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Crisp React](https://github.com/winwiz1/crisp-react) is an open-source boilerplate for building modern web applications. It has a small codebase and a simple build with a focus on performance and maintainability while offering build-time single-side rendering (SSR) and the ability to split a monolithic React app into multiple single-page applications (SPAs).
```

In this guide, you will create a new Crisp React application and deploy it using Cloudflare Pages.

## Setting up a new project

> Create a new project by cloning the Crisp React repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new project by running the following commands in your terminal to clone the Crisp React repository:
```
